Hello, nice talking to you at
fernando santos and this is our
first video will talk about quartets
among the many subjects that we are going to
approach here since it conforms
quartet gather his to his repertoire
for example vocal technique such as singing
high notes singing bass notes as
do a local warm-up like caring
of your voice so that the moment you
is singing and praising God may
leave something acceptable to the lord
so we'll talk to some
musicians and bring some
information that may be relevant to the
our musical ministry
usually quartet already exist in
evangelical churches are not Adventist
Presbyterian Baptist
Finally various churches is there have been no
quartets in the branch to god but if you have
the desire to sing in quartets is already
your friends where to start what?
I must do to start singing
Praise the Lord first a lot of prayer.
look very much, may God
bless your group be people
interested parties
responsible people who accept
called and are committed to
that very well
If you want to form the quartet already have
your four friends that you them
they sing
1st t 9 second tenor baritone underneath
how to know that each one of us have
a vocal tessitura
we have a vocal extension so it's
important, do you know what your
vocal extension
but why this is so important is
important for you to set up your
repertoire
Anyway, we can not go out singing.
all of music right?
a lot of people like to sing songs
more serious but there are things I can not
sing songs so keenly if you do not
can get there but it is so
important you ride very large
repertoire so you can make a
work different from god so let's go
seek to do what is pleasing to
God damn eyes that man does
Work your desired mind
sometimes the word then how do I
I make music for them.
nowadays many websites that help
with kiss, and you
and used it as if it were a
particular pianist teaching each
Note that you have to do the part all
even because that business of 7 heard
pick up songs by ear are not
very cool, right?
if you have the bull part have the notes
you will have a much higher quality
harmoniously, or its framework
so in the next video I can even
doing for you is a tutorial using
a loose making this kit by
example in coke the deceased is used
is also used in can search
on the internet have one with things in these
programs is that it does the scanning of
scores are interesting at the pole
video I'll do a tutorial like you
can put that ring together
I recommend you visit the website
called four tones when that
many materials have some kits ready
there so you can already give a start and
Your party who does not hesitate to
up to four-tone video description
porto with her leaves the goalie marcelo
Oak pastor Marcelo is to make a
very cool job , you can enter the
site download these songs download the
kits and so already learning is already starting to
study your circus grock with the
kits in hand back on mobile
place I did not get in the car
the studio study I hear a song
study and when you are tired
to hear the music is starting to get
Seriously, when else do you study?
one more song you 're sure to
the notes will be taken to our video
God bless your quartet that you
can suggest a guideline for us here
We work on it 's a
with pocket issue management and people
will try his best to have this
group so that this channel of quartets
can grow and can harvest us
future interest rates may also
summon a strong work hug to you
and to the next is